DOC-2255: Fix description of flowThreadPoolSize in Corda Configuration Field pages (#362)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.3/enterprise/corda-configuration-file.md

Performance tuning parameters for Corda Enterprise

* `flowThreadPoolSize`
  
  The number of threads available to handle flows in parallel. This is the number of flows
  that can run in parallel doing something and/or holding resources like database connections.

>   A larger number of flows can be suspended, e.g. waiting for reply from a counterparty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A larger number of flows can be suspended, for example, waiting for reply from a counterparty.
```

  When a response arrives, a suspended flow will be woken up if there are any available threads in the thread pool.
  Otherwise, a currently active flow must be finished or suspended before the suspended flow can be woken
  up to handle the event. This can have serious performance implications if the flow thread pool is too small,
  as a flow cannot be suspended while in a database transaction, or without checkpointing its state first.
  Corda Enterprise allows the node operators to configure the number of threads the state machine manager can use to execute flows in
  parallel, allowing more than one flow to be active and/or use resources at the same time.
  The ideal value for this parameter depends on a number of factors. These include the hardware the node is running on, the performance profile of the flows, and the database instance backing the node as datastore. Every thread will open a database connection, so for n threads, the database system must have at least n+1 connections available. Also, the database
must be able to actually cope with the level of parallelism to make the number of threads worthwhile - if

> using e.g. H2, any number beyond 8 does not add any substantial benefit due to limitations with its internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using for example H2, any number beyond eight does not add any substantial benefit due to limitations with its internal
```
